Docs/update ocpp and pnc docs (#201)
EVerest/EVerest: docs/tutorials/how_to_ocpp201/index.rst

.. note::

  EVerest has an implementation of OCPP 1.6 and 2.0.1. This tutorial is about
  the 2.0.1 implementation. To get documentation about all implemented versions,
  see `the GitHub repository of libocpp <https://github.com/EVerest/libocpp>`_.

The OCPP2.0.1 development in EVerest is currently under development.
You can check `this document <https://github.com/EVerest/libocpp/blob/main/doc/ocpp_201_status.md>`_
for the current status.

This is a tutorial about how to set up and configure OCPP2.0.1 in EVerest.

This tutorial includes:

- How to run EVerest SIL with a `simple CSMS <https://github.com/EVerest/ocpp-csms>`_
- How to configure the OCPP2.0.1 device model
- How to connect to different CSMS
- How to load the OCPP2.0.1 module as part of the EVerest configuration 

.. _prerequisites:

Prerequisites
=============

If you're new to EVerest start with our
:ref:`Quick Start Guide <quickstartguide_main>`
to get a simulation in EVerest running for the first time.
If you have done that successfully, you can move on with this tutorial.

.. _run_with_steve:

Run EVerest SIL with OCPP2.0.1 and a simple CSMS
================================================

> EVerest provides a `simple CSMS <https://github.com/EVerest/ocpp-csms>`_ that can be used for testing. It responds "friendly"

Reviewer: I think the `ocpp-csms` documentation should include to install the requirements in a virtualenv and maybe add some more explanation about the certificates that you should point to when running the csms

Reviewer 2: Shall we create an issue in the ocpp-csms docs for this? Then we could resolve that topic here.

Opinions, @MarzellT , @Pietfried ?

to all OCPP messages initiated by the charging station. Follow the instruction of its README to start up the CSMS locally.

EVerest's `everest-core` repository provides a configuration that you can use to run EVerest with OCPP2.0.1.
By default this configuration is connecting to `localhost:9000` which is also the default address and port of our simple CSMS.

Simply run

.. code-block:: bash

    ${EVEREST_WORKSPACE:?}/everest-core/build/run-scripts/run-sil-ocpp201.sh

> to start EVerest with OCPP2.0.1. You can start playing around with the EVerest simulation to start charging sessions.

Reviewer: This ran everest with PnC enabled for me which then caused me to be stuck in waiting for auth in the SIL

          "supportsMonitoring": true,
          "dataType": "integer"
        },
        "attributes": [
          {
            "type": "Actual",
            "mutability": "ReadOnly"
          }
        ],
        "description": "Indicates the number of bytes currently used by the Local Authorization List. MaxLimit indicates the maximum number of bytes that can be used by the Local Authorization List.",
        "type": "integer"
      },
      "LocalAuthListCtrlrDisablePostAuthorize": {
        "variable_name": "DisablePostAuthorize",
        "characteristics": {
          "supportsMonitoring": true,
          "dataType": "boolean"
        },
        "attributes": [
          {
            "type": "Actual",
            "mutability": "ReadWrite"
          }
        ],
        "description": "When set to true this variable disables the behavior to request authorization for an idToken that is stored in the local authorization list with a status other than Accepted, as stated in C14.FR.03.",
        "type": "boolean"
      }
    },
    "required": [
      "BytesPerMessageSendLocalList",
      "ItemsPerMessageSendLocalList",
      "LocalAuthListCtrlrEntries"
    ]
  }

> You can change the components according to your needs, but note that the definitions for the `variable_name`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the components according to your needs, but note that the definitions for the `variable_name` and
```
maybe I'm misunderstanding this but I think here should be an `and` instead of the `,`

`characteristics` are usually defined by the OCPP2.0.1 specification. To configure a variable attribute value, 
specify the `value` for the attribute type that you would like to configure. In the example above, the actual value of
the VariableAttribute of the Variable `Enabled` is set to `true`. Note that not all variables have specified variable 
attributes with a `value`, e.g. `LocalAuthListCtrlrEntries` does not specify a value. `LocalAuthListCtrlrEntries` is
rather a telemetry than configuration, so libocpp will set the value for this at runtime and therefore it is not 
required to configure a value for it. It's an example for a variable that is only defined, but not configured.

.. note::

>   Currently the definition and configuration as well as the difference between configuration and telemetry is not easy not graps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently the definition and configuration as well as the difference between configuration and telemetry is not easy to grasp
```

  - `ocppCsmsUrl`: Specifies the endpoint of the CSMS
  - `securityProfile`: Specifies the SecurityProfile which defines type of transport layer connection between ChargePoint and CSMS
- `Identity` in the `SecurityCtrlr`: The identity of the charging station
- `BasicAuthPassword` in the `SecurityCtrlr`: Specifies the password used for HTTP Basic Authentication (SecurityProfile 1 or 2)

Modify these parameters according to the connection requirements of the CSMS.

.. note::

  For TLS it might be required to prepare the required certificates and private keys. Please see the 
  documentation of the `EvseSecurity module <https://everest.github.io/nightly/_included/modules_doc/EvseSecurity.html#everest-modules-handwritten-evsesecurity>`
  for more information on how to set up the TLS connection for OCPP.

.. _enable_pnc:

Enable Plug&Charge
------------------

In order to enable Plug&Charge, adjust your component files according to the `Plug&Charge documentation <https://everest.github.io/nightly/tutorials/how_to_plug_and_charge/index.html#how-to-pnc>`_.

> TODO: Link to correct section!

Reviewer: don't forget :smiley:
